[Docs] add info about hardcoded translations (#13472)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/cookbook/promotions/custom-catalog-promotion-action.rst

                action:
                    fixed_price: 'Fixed price'

.. note::
    There is a need to define translation key in the proper format for every catalog promotion action as they are used in form types

>     to properly display different actions: ``sylius.form.catalog_promotion.action.TYPE`` where ``TYPE`` is the catalog promotion action type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to properly display different actions. The required type is: ``sylius.form.catalog_promotion.action.TYPE`` where ``TYPE`` is the catalog promotion action type.
```

                action:
                    fixed_price: 'Fixed price'

> Translations
> ------------
> 
> Translation keys for catalog promotion actions are hardcoded with such keys ``sylius.form.catalog_promotion.action.type``;
> where ``type`` is one of the available catalog promotion actions: ``percentage_discount`` or ``fixed_discount``.
> 

Reviewer 2: Move this info to `note` block and the content to sth like that:

```suggestion
.. note::

    There is a need to define translation key in the proper format for every catalog promotion action as they are used in form types 
    to properly display different actions: ``sylius.form.catalog_promotion.action.TYPE`` where ``TYPE`` is the catalog promotion action type.

```

                action:
                    fixed_price: 'Fixed price'

Translations
------------

> Translation keys for catalog promotion action are hardcoded to ``sylius.form.catalog_promotion.action.type`` where ``type`` is one of available catalog promotion actions:
> 
> - percentage_discount
> - fixed_discount

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Translations for catalog promotion actions are hardcoded with such keys ``sylius.form.catalog_promotion.action.type``;
where ``type`` is one of the available catalog promotion actions: ``percentage_discount`` or ``fixed_discount``.
```
